R Markdown Document

Title: International Fisher Effect On Contemporary Foreign Exchange
Markets Of The Major World Economies, viz. USA, China, Japan, India and
Singapore

Author: Arindam Chatterjee

Abstract This paper aims to check the validity of the International
Fisher Effect (IFE) between the USA, China, Japan, India, and Singapore.
Nominal Interest Rate Differentials, obtained from the historical annual
data for Real Interest Rates and Rate of Inflation, are used to explain
why exchange rates change over time. Here, the regression Analysis
approach is considered to trace the relationship between nominal
interest rate differentials and the foreign exchange rates of these
countries. The estimated value of R- Squared is obtained by applying the
Regression Analysis in the Minitab Statistical Software ©. The data
points collected and/ or calculated using Microsoft Excel ©, are used to
determine the relationship between nominal interest rates and foreign
exchange rates for yearly data from 2001 to 2019, to check whether the
exchange rates can be explained more by applying the International
Fisher Effect. The contribution of this paper is reflected in the
results obtained therein. The coefficient of determination, R- Squared
values are very low in all the currency pairs, except for USD/ INR &
INR/ USD. R-squared values are even less than 10% for INR-JPY, INR-SGD,
USD-CNY, USD-JPY, USD-SGD, and JPY- SGD currency pairs..

[Click here to view the Full
Paper](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LuEVJMzu5wI4Cz5oZ2sDT92ToRZpmVDN/view?usp=share_link)
